# FTL Server Config

Configuration of the server hosting fixthislater.com.

Being a NixOS server, the code in this repo contains almost everything that constitutes the entire system, and a functionally identical system can be created just by building with these specifications elsewhere. All the significant values are defined in the several nix files in the "modules" folder; the flake defines a NixOS configuration made up of all those files. All the system-specific values are defined in the "args" attribute set in the `let` statement at the start of the flake output; nothing in any of the modules should need to change when copying this config for another server.

The initialization, in the flake's "create" app, is performed using [nixos-anywhere](https://github.com/nix-community/nixos-anywhere), following the initial creation of the server as an HCloud VM (see the [ftl_hcloud_config](https://github.com/FixThisLater/ftl_hcloud_config) repo). The "update" app uses a simple "nixos-rebuild", drawing on the local files but with the server as the destination of the system updates. Any changes to the config files are reflected on the server following an execution of `nix run .#update` (and since `default` in the flake apps is defined as `update`, you can just run `nix run` and drop the `.#update`).

All of this relies on SSH & DNS, which are both implicit & assumed - the system running the flake must already have an SSH configuration for a host at the fully qualified domain name (FQDN), and there must already be a DNS record mapping that FQDN to the server's IP. In the server's config itself, there's the public key corresponding to a private key, to be used for updates; for the initial creation, however, you need the separate key that HCloud granted access to when it created the server, and, after the initialization, that key is non-functional.
